[DOG BARKING]
CARRIE: Come on! Hey,
hey! Stick to the trees.
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING
AND SIREN WAILING]
LUCAS: Run!
CARRIE: Baby!
[♪♪]
[PANTING]
I think he knows.
No, he doesn't know. He can't.
By the time he figures
out we're not coming back,
we'll be long gone.
[♪♪]
[LUCAS SIGHS]
Hey.
We risk our lives every
time we steal for him.
Why not risk our lives for us?
No one's ever
stolen from Rabbit.
He doesn't know.
Everything will be fine.
[♪♪]
Are we back on
track, Mr. Hanson?
We're still playing catch-up
after that power failure,
but I'll keep them late
and we should be
caught up by Sunday.
Friday.
Okay. Friday. I'm on it.
I'm on it, motherfucker.
[HIP-HOP MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[MUSIC STOPS]
Get down here.
You know for a fact the
owners are out of town?
Yeah. Away till Tuesday.
Okay.
Get out of here.
Good to go, boys. All right.
CARRIE: It's an
original masonry house.
All the houses in
this neighborhood
came up in the late 1920s.
WOMAN: if you wanted
to paint over this green.
But I'll be here... Excuse
me just a moment.
Mrs. Hopewell, good morning.
What are you doing here?
Same as everyone else.
I'm looking to put down roots.
Oh, this room has
great morning light.
Would you like to
see the kitchen?
Sure.
What the fuck are you doing?
You've been training.
This is my life.
Ana. My name is Carrie.
Either way, I still love you.
If that's true,
then you'll leave here
and never come back.
No. Please.
[PHONE RINGING]
WOMAN: Carrie?
Um, your phone.
Shit. Okay. Hello?
Nice kitchen.
MERRICK: Mrs. Hopewell,
this is Principal Merrick.
I'm calling to let you
know Deva is not in school
again this morning.
I wanted to check
if she was feeling ill.
No. No, she's not,
but I can assure
you she's going to be.
I hope she's okay.
Please let us know. Thanks.
[DIALING]
[LINE RINGING]
DEVA [ON RECORDING]: Hey,
it's Deva. Leave a message. Or don't.
[BEEPS]
Deva, where are you?
[BOTH SCREAMING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
[BOTH LAUGHING]
Whoo!
[MELLOW MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
REED: How's it going?
[BONG GURGLING]
MAN 1: Yo, man.
Are we putting the
Skulls with these?
MAN 2: Just sort it and show me.
DEVA: Reed?
[DEVA GASPS]
REED: Hey, Hanson.
HANSON: Hey, Reed.
Who the fuck are they?
It's okay. They're cool.
Move.
Well, come here, cool girls.
[BEATY CHUCKLES]
Come on.
[COUGHING]
[HANSON CHUCKLES]
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
ARNO: You ask and Arno delivers.
The Red Skull stamp as promised.
Heh, heh, heh.
Pretty sweet, huh?
Now if we can just
settle up our account...
HANSON: Hey. Ah! Ow, man!
Hey, fuckhead, you got
high while working for me?
Are you fucking crazy? No way.
I'm a professional.
HANSON: You're
not tripping right now?
I'm straight, man.
Look at me.
ARNO: Unh!
HANSON: Fucking
tweaker. Get him out of here.
MAN: Move it.
ARNO: Fuck you, motherfucker!
I'm gonna kick your ass.
Fuck you. Chill out,
man. Get off of me.
MAN: Fuck off! Go!
[ARNO GRUNTING]
Come here.
[THUNDER RUMBLING]
[CAP POPS]
[GASPS]
Are you cool?
[DOOR OPENS]
What is it?
Some of the pills aren't pure.
There's caffeine in
them. You know what?
How about you leave
the chemistry to me
and just go back and
make the fucking pills.
What's going on?
You're in.
Midnight tomorrow at
Yoder's barn. You know it?
Yeah.
And you girls will
spread the word, right?
Hells yeah, we
will. Heh, heh, heh.
Let's go, Deva.
LUCAS: Hey. Sheriff.
BROCK: You're late.
LUCAS: Do I need
a note from home?
Couldn't reach
you on your radio.
LUCAS: I'm here now.
What do you need? What
I need... What we need
is a sheriff that
answers his radio.
All right?
I'll take that under advisement.
I don't know how
you did things in...
Shut up, Brock. BROCK: What?
What the hell did
you just say to me?
I won't tell you twice.
Mr. Proctor.
KAI: There he is.
That looks
painful. I'll survive.
May I have a word in private?
Kobe steaks. My best.
Thank you.
Well, you saved my life.
I was just doing my job.
I'm sure by now you've gleaned
that there are
people in Banshee,
our young mayor among them,
who would have been
happy to see me go down.
Yeah, why is that? Oh,
some people find my business
practices a little aggressive.
I don't deny it.
Not everyone shares
my vision for this town.
But that's a talk
for another time.
The reason I stopped
in is to warn you
about the Moody brothers.
Warn me?
Yeah, they might be swimming
in the shallow end of the gene pool
but they're a
fiercely loyal clan.
Been in this town almost
as long as my people.
And they will be out for blood.
I'll keep my eye out.
Sheriff, I wouldn't
be bothering you
if I didn't think you have a
serious problem on your hands.
I don't deny your abilities.
It's just that your hands
are tied by this office
whereas I have a talent
for resolving problems,
like this one, quietly.
I appreciate your
concern, but...
I think I'll just take
things as they come.
It could be that I'm speaking
globally here, sheriff,
beyond the Moody situation.
You see, I've got a good
number of local business interests
that need to be kept
running smoothly.
These interests can
occasionally generate difficulties
but they also generate revenues.
Significant revenues.
What do you want, Mr. Proctor?
I might ask you
the same question,
Sheriff Hood.
I'm good.
But thank you.
You take care of that.
It could go bad pretty fast.
[♪♪]
[DIALING]
[PHONE RINGING]
[PHONE CONTINUES RINGING]
Where's my fucking money?
LUCAS: You'll get it.
Where'd you land? In hell.
Do you have any idea
what I'm surrounded by?
Skee-fucking-Ball,
cotton-fucking-candy
and sea-fucking-gulls.
Is that a cape?
This is Diane von
Furstenberg, chica.
Shoo. Go get pregnant.
So?
Bitch, you got
lucky on this one.
Lucas Hood had
virtually no living relatives,
an estranged ex-wife and
son he ain't seen in years.
I couldn't even find
any close friends.
And he ain't into
the grid, neither.
No Facebook, no Twitter.
Your cover is good for now.
Except. Except what?
Except that being where you are
makes you the dumbest
bitch that I know!
Oh, not you, Snooki.
So how's she look?
She looks good.
[♪♪]
[MAN GRUNTING]
CARRIE: Hyah! Hold it!
Sorry, it's been
that kind of week.
You okay? Yeah.
Then let's have some fun.
Unh!
[BOTH GRUNTING]
You and your Hula Poppers.
If you're after serious game,
you'd better come ready.
Live bait is the way to go.
No. I've been
winning fishing derbies
since you were a speck of sperm.
I hear you have the new
sheriff living over your garage.
Huh? Seems kind of strange
for an ex-con
renting to a lawman.
Doesn't it bother you?
Apparently not as
much as it bothers you.
At some point, I might
begin to question your loyalty.
[CHUCKLES]
No, I'm just a
broken-down ex-con.
I don't choose sides.
Kai.
You talk about serious game?
Hood is serious game.
Like you've never seen.
So if you come for him,
you'd better come ready.
You take care of
yourself, Sugar.
Yeah, you too.
[♪♪]
[JUKEBOX PLAYING BLUES MUSIC]
No, no, no. You
can't be here tonight.
And yet I am.
Cole Moody's wake.
His brothers are
drunker than usual,
if that's possible.
Now, we've already
had two fistfights.
That's just between
family members.
Can I at least get
a sandwich? Hey.
All right.
All right, just...
Whatever it takes
to get you out of here.
Look, here. Come on, take them.
Come on, eat them. Plenty
more where that came from.
Go on.
All right?
[DOOR OPENS AND CLOSES]
KAT: Sheriff Hood.
LUCAS: Yeah?
You don't know who I am, do you?
Not yet.
I'm Kat Moody.
You killed my husband.
And now you're
sitting here eating food
prepared for his wake,
food that I paid for.
Well, I apologize
about the food.
That was in bad taste.
But not for killing my husband?
[CHUCKLES]
He smashed me in
the head with a pipe
and then fired a gun
at a crowded party.
So while I am
sorry for your grief...
He laid a good one on you.
He did.
You're the second
woman to hit me today.
I bet that's a slow day for you.
LUCAS: Mmm.
[GUN COCKS]
KAT: Jesus Christ.
Marcus, Dex, put those away.
Shut up, Kat, and get inside.
You Moody boys sure
do like your six-shooters.
You got permits for those?
You won't be around
long enough to find out.
You're not gonna shoot a
man at your brother's wake.
What is wrong with you?
We're doing this for Cole.
Cole was a mean drunk
and he got what was coming.
You watch your mouth,
bitch. I'll kill you too.
Hey, you're Marcus,
right? And you're Dex?
DEX: That's right.
Okay, Marcus, Dex,
you have the right
to remain silent.
That's far enough.
Anything you say
can be used against
you in a court of law.
Believe the balls on this guy?
He's arresting us.
Have the right to
an attorney. Shut up.
Why don't you make me.
Come on.
Marcus, Dex, your
coffee is getting cold.
This don't concern you, Sugar.
All the same, I am concerned.
Come on.
SUGAR: Hmm?
If you can't afford an attorney,
the court will
appoint one for you,
and he'll probably suck.
Sheriff Hood, they're drunk
and they're morons but
they're grieving in their own way.
Get the fuck out of here.
Go on.
This isn't over, Hood.
We'll be looking out for you.
Well, I'll be the one in the
car with the flashing lights.
[LAUGHS]
DEX: What you looking at?
And you are?
[♪♪]
[MOANING]
[PHONE VIBRATING]
[HELICOPTER WHIRRING]
[DOGS BARKING]
[♪♪]
CARRIE: Let's go.
Stick to the trees for at
least two miles. You'll be fine.
Where are you going?
I'm gonna throw them off.
I'm not leaving you!
You were right about Rabbit.
He knew. He knew.
Don't do this. Don't do this.
Don't do this. We can make it.
Hey! I'll catch up to you.
I love you. I love you.
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
Take the diamonds.
I'll catch up to you.
Go!
COP 1: Right
there! No, I got him!
COP 2: Stay right where you are.
Get down on the
ground right now.
COP 3: Hands up. Don't do it...
[ALL GRUNTING]
Come on.
COP 1: Copy. We have him.
CARRIE: Baby!
GORDON: Hey.
You okay, baby?
Yeah.
Just a bad dream.
[CHATTER ON POLICE RADIO]
[TRAIN BLOWING IN DISTANCE]
SIOBHAN: Is that
the Moody report?
LUCAS: Yeah.
It's supposed to be.
But if I had known there
was all this paperwork,
I never would have shot him.
Oh, come on, you must have
had to do this back in Oregon.
Uh, yeah, I wasn't
any better at it then.
You filled out the
incident report twice.
And you have to
attach it to the SO sheet.
SO? State oversight.
Have you already done
the weapons discharge form?
Uh, you know,
Sheriff Morgan used to have
Alma do all this stuff for him.
She enjoys it.
Just buy her a
nice bottle of wine.
Look it over when she's done.
LUCAS: Sold.
You gave us your word that
you'd stop ditching school.
My grades are fine.
That is not the point.
So where were
you this afternoon?
What's the difference?
It's Saturday.
MAX: My grades are fine too.
Rock on, Max.
GORDON: Deva, this isn't a joke.
Your mother and I
are worried about you.
There's nothing to
be worried about.
That's not what it looks like.
What...?
Well, that went well.
[DOOR SLAMS]
I can't do this right now.
[LOUD ROCK MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
Hey, we are not finished.
Women, right? Heh. You little...
[GORDON GROWLS]
Dad... If you turn
into a teenager,
I will kill you. [MAX LAUGHS]
[SPEAKING IN FOREIGN LANGUAGE]
Mr. Bowman.
ELIJAH: Deputy Brock.
BROCK: What can we do for you?
You are the new
sheriff? That's right.
Something is happening
at the Yoder farm tonight.
Some kind of a barn party.
A rave? Yes.
My son used that word.
He saw them setting it up.
A rave, in this town?
BROCK: Emmett.
Yeah, thanks for coming in.
ELIJAH: Sheriff, you'll keep
my family's name out of this?
LUCAS: Yeah, you
were never here.
Thank you.
My daughter. Rebecca.
Good evening. Good
evening, Sheriff Hood.
Very nice to meet you.
You too.
ELIJAH: Rebecca, get in.
[GUNS CLICKING]
What's going on?
Are we going to war?
These raves are highly
organized enterprises.
It's designed for the sole
purpose of selling drugs.
BROCK: And where
there are drugs,
there will be guns.
Usually by the time
we hear about it,
the place is trashed and
everyone is long gone.
Let's go.
Right?
Right. Ahem.
DEVA: Like, oh, my God.
There's so many people.
BEATY: We're with
Hanson. Beaty and Deva.
GIRL: Oh, like
that's gonna help.
Why don't you wait
like everybody else?
VIPs? Nice.
[TECHNO MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
DEVA: Hey, Hanson!
HANSON: Yeah,
police band all quiet?
Okay, people, let's get paid.
DEVA: Hey! You made it. Hey.
DEVA: What's up? Oh, my God.
Snacks, anyone? Oh, Skulls!
What is it? It's E.
[GIGGLES]
[BEATY & DEVA CHEERING]
DEVA: Whoo!
[LABORED BREATHING]
Hey, baby.
You okay?
Yeah. Okay.
Deva.
Deva!
[KNOCKING]
[ROCK MUSIC PLAYING
OVER SPEAKERS]
[TECHNO MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
So, what's the plan?
All right, there's only two ways
in and out of here:
That front entrance
and there's a utility
door around back.
Should be pretty
easy for us to cover.
Yeah, but God only knows
how many kids
are actually in there.
Start a panic,
this thing could go
from bad to worse fast.
What are you doing?
We need to see inside.
If I can find the guy in charge,
we can shut this down
without starting a riot.
So you're just gonna
wander in there
and ask who's in charge?
That's your plan? Yeah.
Oh, great.
Aren't you kind of old
to pass for a teenager?
I'm young at heart.
Can't be out of uniform, Hood.
You are legally required
to identify yourself.
Is he always this much fun?
LUCAS: Yeah, I'm
here for the rave.
There's no rave here.
LUCAS: Come on, guys,
what's it gonna take?
Shit. You kidding me?
Uh... He can't... He
can't just do that, right?
SIOBHAN: He's
waving. BROCK: Yeah.
SIOBHAN: What do we do?
[TECHNO MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
HANSON [OVER RADIO]: Moore,
what's your count on the gate?
HANSON: Moore,
are you hearing me?
I asked what's your count.
Moore, what the fuck? Respond.
Someone get me eyes on Moore.
Someone get me eyes
on Moore. You got nothing?
[LINE RINGING]
DEVA [ON RECORDING]:
Hey, it's Deva.
Leave a message. Or don't.
[BEEPS]
[TECHNO MUSIC
PLAYING OVER SPEAKERS]
[REED COUGHING]
Reed? Reed.
[REED GRUNTING]
What is it? Reed! Reed!
[GRUNTING]
Help! Somebody help me!
Reed!
Somebody! Beaty!
DEVA: Help!
Something's wrong.
Call the paramedics
and get in here. We've
got to shut this down fast.
Everyone clear
out. It's going south.
Five-O. Move out now!
DEVA: Somebody help! Help!
DEVA: Help!
Somebody help me.
LUCAS: Hey, hey, hey.
Come on. Come on. Move!
Look at me. Look
at me. You okay?
Are you okay? Uh...
LUCAS: Are you okay? Deva?
[MUSIC STOPS]
This is the BSD.
Please start exiting
in an orderly fashion.
[GUNSHOTS AND CROWD SCREAMING]
You stay here. Do
not move. Stay there.
SIOBHAN: Get out! Get
out! EMMETT: Get out.
[GUNSHOTS AND CROWD SCREAMING]
[GUNSHOTS]
[POLICE SIREN WAILING]
[♪♪]
[BOTH GRUNTING]
[GUNSHOT]
EMMETT: You good?
LUCAS: I'm good.
EMT 1: Is it charged?
[DEFIBRILLATOR THUMPS]
Anything? All right.
Ready? Charge.
[DEFIBRILLATOR THUMPS]
EMT 2: No.
EMT 1: All right,
we gotta call it.
DEVA: No. No! No! Oh, no!
Reed! No!
Oh, my God!
SIOBHAN: Shh. It's okay.
DEVA: Oh, my God.
[DEVA CRYING]
SIOBHAN: Shh.
[♪♪]
Sit tight. Turn around.
Look at this. Reed Schumacher.
State Senator
Schumacher, that's his son.
What the fuck are
you looking at, bitch?
Hey, shut your mouth.
I asked you a question, bitch.
What the fuck are
you looking at? Unh!
BROCK: Sheriff! Sheriff! Hood!
LUCAS: Get the fuck off me.
[MAN COUGHING]
Come on, I'll take
you both home.
Hood, hey, what
the fuck was that?
Hey, leave it, Brock.
You beat the shit out of
a handcuffed perp in
front of 10 witnesses.
He had it coming.
I don't know how you
did things out West,
but you can't make up the
rules as you go along here.
You're putting the rest of
us in an impossible position.
LUCAS: Get in.
And what the hell am
I supposed to do, huh?
You know what?
I'd seriously
consider resigning.
Yeah? Yeah.
You know what?
I was here long before you,
and I'll be here long
after you're gone
which, by the looks of it, is
gonna be pretty damn soon.
Maybe. Mm-hm.
But right now the smartest
career move you could make
would be to get the
fuck out of my way.
[♪♪]
HANSON: Wait! Aah!
[HANSON SCREAMING]
What...? You cut
my fucking finger off.
Our ecstasy trade
generates revenues
of a quarter of
a million dollars
a week in Philadelphia and D.C.
I spent years and serious
money developing that network.
And because I'm
not a fucking idiot,
I never sold a single
pill in this county.
I don't shit where I
sleep, Mr. Hanson.
You, on the other hand, have
just taken a steaming dump
right in the middle
of my fucking bed.
You stole my Skulls.
You cooked up a tainted
batch that killed a boy.
But not just any boy,
the boy of a state senator.
Do you understand?
You've unleashed
a shitstorm on me.
I'm sorry, Mr. Proctor.
Now...
I want you to look
over here at Preacher.
Preacher now
has a taste for you.
I'll give you 60 seconds.
What? Are you fucking serious?
Starting now.
[DOG GROWLING]
[SPEAKS IN GERMAN]
[DOG BARKING]
[DOG GROWLING AND
HANSON SCREAMING]
HANSON: Please!
[DOG GROWLING AND
HANSON SCREAMING]
[♪♪]
It's a hard thing to
see someone die.
First time, I was
younger than you.
A kid from my neighborhood
tried to run across
the railroad tracks.
He tripped on some gravel and...
And, uh...
You know.
Thing is...
you can't make sense out of it.
All right?
It doesn't make sense.
You hear me?
You just...
I don't know.
You accept it at some point.
[SNIFFLES]
Was he a friend of yours?
The kid on the tracks.
No.
No, he was just some
asshole from the neighborhood.
And I was an asshole
who dared him to
beat the 5:15 Amtrak.
Now you listen to me. Hey.
You're gonna be okay.
[SNIFFLES]
[♪♪]
[ENGINE STARTS]
[SAW BUZZING]
[BONE CRUNCHING]